

**Giggle** is a Flask web application that uses AWS Rekognition to detect text in uploaded images AWS S3 buckets and OpenAI's GPT-3.5-turbo model to generate witty responses based on the detected text. This application allows users to upload an image, extract text from the image, and receive a humorous response generated by an AI model.

## Technologies Used

This project utilizes the following technologies and services:

### Backend
- **Python**: The core programming language used for developing the application.
- **Flask**: A lightweight WSGI web application framework in Python, used to create the web server and manage routes.
- **boto3**: The AWS SDK for Python, used for accessing AWS services such as Rekognition and S3.
- **requests**: A simple HTTP library for Python, used for making API requests to OpenAI.

### Cloud Services
- **AWS Rekognition**: Used for detecting text in uploaded images.
- **AWS S3**: Used for storing uploaded images.
- **OpenAI GPT-3.5-turbo**: Used for generating witty responses based on detected text.

### Other Tools
- **Logging**: Python’s logging module is used to keep track of the application’s events.
- **HTML/CSS**: Used for creating the front-end interface of the application.

## Installation

Follow these steps to set up the project on your local machine:

1. **Clone the repository:**
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/Whelan-Ian/gigglegaze.git
   cd gigglegaze
2. **setup environemnt:**
   ```sh
   python3 -m venv env
   source env/bin/activate  
